I wish there was like a public chart, like where you could just see the number of normal people and the number of people who they're lost to the ether.
Are you normal?
Yeah.
How are you?
I'm good, it's Friday, and we're trying to do a thing where we usually go out to dinner every Friday, but we're trying to switch it up and do lunch every Friday.
Oh, okay, just doing this little Friday afternoon lunch, a little siesta.
Oh, siesta comes after.
Oh, really? That's after lunch?
A siesta is a nap that people take after lunch and I think it was invented in Spain, and it's literally like a real thing, like everything just shuts down for two hours.
Yeah, I'm just shut, that's so cool.
I wish we did that.
I mean, I can't really, I wouldn't want to take a nap, but it sounds fun.
I'm not someone that really gets sleepy after eating and like late afternoon, but so many people do that I'm just convinced there's some biological thing we're supposed to do that for the most part.
So I thought I didn't know it was Spain.
I thought it was like Italians, and they all just ate like a ton of pasta, and then I get sleepy after pasta, so I could imagine wanting to take a nap.
Like a big bag of it. I don't know. Where's that France?
Bag of it's French. Well, you're really confused about you.
I'm really confused.
What are people eating Spain? I have no idea what they eat in Spain.
Like I'm imagining in your head, you're like imagining Europe, and it's just like a table with like pasta and a baguette pizza and like a pizza, American pizza.
What do Spanish people eat? Spanish food is really good. We eat a lot of it here. Like tapas.
Like, oh, tapas. What's the tapa?
Tapas isn't really a thing really. It just means a lot of small plates, which is a great way to just give you like 10 different things.
Yeah, it's kind of like if you have food, I mean, same concept where you're just getting a lot of things, but it's not like stuff you dip and other stuff. It's all standalone.
Oh, gotcha. Do they like like fried rice? No, that's Asian. Wild rice? What am I thinking about with rice in Spanish people?
Yeah. What's there's that famous dish with the seafood? I'm forgetting, I'm forgetting the term now.
It was probably something different because I didn't know there was seafood involved.
There's a lot of seafood in Spanish food. Yeah, that makes sense. Spain only ocean.
Paella. Paella. Yeah. No, never heard of it. Sounds awesome. Well, I don't like seafood, but but there's rice. I like rice a lot.
I forgot you don't eat meat for a second. I forget. I do eat a lot of rice. I love rice.
So my favorite thing, I mean, oh, no, this isn't the thing. I'm thinking of isn't isn't.
Hang on. I gotta look this up because it's driving me crazy. Ceviche. I'm thinking of Ceviche. Ceviche. I do not. OK.
Well, Ceviche is raw. It's kind of like sushi. It's like a mix of different raw fishes or like just stuff like that, but they use a ton of lime and citrus and a citrus acid cooks the fish.
I think this is like nice, like tangy. Do she like flavor? But it's like, you know, technically cooked. And that's interesting. I think it's like it literally cooks like they don't use heat. Just the citric acid.
Yeah. It's like a form. It like it's like a version of it being cooked. Yeah. And it's interesting. The history behind is interesting because I recently understood this.
So that comes from Peru. And you think Peru is South America. You have like an image in your head. But there's a there were some point in history where a ton of Japanese people moved to Peru.
And their cuisine is crazy interesting because of that. Ceviche is like sushi, but like South American style.
But South America is interesting because Japanese people moved. That's so cool. Yeah. And now they have the whole weird dedicated cuisine. But it's from that. So there you go. A little fun fact for you.
Is paella actually a thing, though? That is a thing. It's a Spanish dish. And I don't like it because they just put like my perception of it is they're just like, let me just take every possible sea creature and just throw it in the pot and provides with it.
They just put everything. Not even know what I don't even know if there's like an official set of ingredients, but they'll be like clams and shrimp and like oysters and like just like.
That might not be correct, but I just know that I just don't like it. It's like every time we take a spoon, there's like a different sea creature on your.
So I don't like paella. It is really popular. I don't like it. Oh, right. I feel like that word paella. I think that's a town in Maui. I think that's why that word is familiar to me. I'm pretty sure.
Yeah. It's like a little town in Hawaii and they had this awesome health food store called Mana Health Foods. And it's super cool.
Anyway, how are you imagining? When I say paella, how are you imagining? It's spelled like P-A-I-A, maybe. There's two L's in it.
What? Oh, yeah, you have the flu. That's I. We didn't do last week because I was sick and I've still got the cough. So it's kind of gross.
And I'll try not to too much in the mic. Maybe Chris can edit out all the coughs. Sounds fun.
I'm just going to cough over everything you say and just make it hard for him.
Is this a new thing where when you get sick, you just stay sick for a month? I feel like this just was not a thing before.
This was not a thing before. So I thought I had a cold because it started out just like every other cold I get and I get like one every quarter.
I don't know. Like a little two day like kind of have like sore throat, whatever. A cold. I thought it was one of those.
It was not one of those. It was the flu, I think. Influenced A, bird flu. I don't know. There's a lot of words floating around.
But I was out for a whole week and the cough is still going and it's been two weeks.
So I think and I've heard that from other people that the cough like lasted three weeks or whatever, which sucks.
Yeah. When I had COVID that that's when I had that. So I'm wondering if like it's like COVID related now because actually everyone just has when they get sick, they're just off for like a month, you know, better after a week.
I thought I had COVID because like before Casey saw on TikTok that it's influenced a I thought it was COVID because I could have sworn I couldn't taste anything for like two days stuff that I ate all the time just tasted like nothing.
Maybe COVID mixed with the bird flu. I don't know. I'm not a scientist.
When COVID was really peaking, you know, when all the news reports were like, New York is the epicenter of COVID. It is a disaster. Pop up tents and morgues or whatever. Yeah.
I was like, I'm going for really nice walks every day because of my topic.
Liz lost her sense of taste for two days and had no other symptoms at all. Really.
It was really weird, but she got to taste back because I've heard some people taste forever.
Yeah. Some people die forever because they can't taste the food. No, no, like some people died and then they're dead forever from COVID.
Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
You can lose your taste forever or your life forever.
You're right. You're right. COVID's not good. I agree. It's not controversial.
Is it still? Is it actually still active though? Is there still COVID?
I think so. I think it's kind of like the flu now, you know.
I also like this is also very stupid. I didn't put together that the flu and the Spanish flu are the same thing.
And the reason we have the flu every year is because the Spanish flu happened.
Wait, what was Spanish flu? I don't know history that well.
The Spanish flu was like the last big pandemic prior to COVID.
Oh, that was the first that was the start of the flu. That was like the first flu.
Yeah, it was word. I think it was called endemic. Well, like a thing like that shows up and then becomes endemic, which means it's just like part of the world.
Yeah. So that's what COVID. Okay. Well, then that's actually comforting that like there's precedent for this new disease humans have never had like COVID.
And then it's just kind of around and it's not going to just suddenly morph into something that kills us all.
It sounds like the flu didn't do that.
Well, I think there's like funny evolutionary pressure with diseases because the most optimal disease.
It doesn't kill the host. It like keeps the host alive so the host can infect as many other people on everybody.
Yeah. So there's a pressure to like not be as lethal, but then I think in theory, it could still be lethal.
It could be effective was lethal after like a month, right? So that's why that makes it so scary.
But I think that's why COVID rapidly like became more about infecting people than being lethal.
Yeah. I heard this back in the COVID, like when the 2020, 2021 days, I remember somebody talking about like a disease that just kills you immediately, like doesn't get to spread.
So it's not that actually dangerous. Yeah. Well, to like a population. Yeah, that makes sense.
But yeah, what about the one that's like a time release kills you after two weeks exactly after you've infected everybody who that's scary.
Let's not let's not create any of that in like a lab somewhere. That sounds bad.
Yeah. What's the deal with that? Could you actually tell me? Because I didn't keep up all that well, but I know like everyone says people lied and it actually was made in a lab.
Is that true now? That's a fact. I mean, we're never going to know. I think somebody out there knows for sure.
It's like someone in the Chinese government knows, but like I doubt we're ever going to know anytime soon.
Okay. So it's just not established fact as Twitter made me believe.
It was just so funny because when COVID was happening and John Stewart has a really funny bit about this where he goes in the Colbert show and he just keeps repeating.
The lab in Wuhan was called the novel coronavirus lab. Do you think it somehow related?
Because it goes on like a five minute. Was it like just really close to where the first case was or something?
It was literally in the city and then people were like, no, the labs there because it's coronavirus is there and they're there to study them.
And then it's just like there was a time where saying that, hey, maybe it was leaked out of the lab by accident was like this weird political landmine and then you're like, you weren't allowed to digest that.
Not saying that like they engineered it on purpose and released or anything just yeah, you can study diseases and they can get released by accident and like an Occam's razor thing is like.
The simple as the Corona virus left. Where does fires come from? Maybe we should check there first.
Yeah, the hard thing for me about these debates are about like hot topics like that is I can't follow the discourse like I just can't get in the headspace of either side and I lose the arguments or the same way was computer conspiracy theories like I can't ever like keep track.
Okay, so why do you think they did that? What was their motivation? Like I can't keep it all straight in my head and then I just lose the train of thought and I'm out.
It's like I'm not smart enough to be a conspiracy theorist. I feel like you have to be pretty smart.
Well, it's funny you bring this up because I had this, I was doing a bunch of self reflection yesterday and I had this thing I'm going to try where I'm interested in stuff like I'm interested in stuff that's going on me to the world.
Oh, okay. Yeah.
I'm sure you're interested in that too. I'm sure most people are things have just gotten to a really bad place. I think when you're trying to learn about the world.
Yes, I feel this. You have these two options, right? So yesterday, I heard that there were some like explosions in Israel and I was curious. Okay, what what's going on like is another attack.
So your options are Google it and you land on like the worst written article ever where there's like the site is garbage. It doesn't load the information you want is like one sentence and like, and then an ad and then.
Yeah, it's just like, it's just so hard to parse it there.
Twitter will have the information pretty clear, but it's really hard to avoid the crazy extreme stuff in the comments where everyone is just saying like the most batshit insane thing.
And that just like is a drag mental drag on you.
And I realized, hey, I think I just want to experience a world through AI because AI solved this perfectly where when I as a rock. Hey, what's going on here? It tells me exactly what I need to know. There's no garbage in there.
It ignores all the extreme political stuff that that shows up everywhere. And I'm like, I think maybe AI came out at the perfect time because I think just taking the raw feed of the Internet.
It just got to a point where I don't think I can deal with it anymore. It's too much.
Yeah, it's too much. I'm not able to sift through it. I feel very vulnerable to like being swayed or just like believing things that I thought were just supposed to believe and that wasn't actually true.
Like, I just don't know what's real anymore.
It's funny. The Groc 3 thing like Groc 3 just came out.
So you use Groc like for your daily questions about the world. It makes sense. It's connected to Twitter, right?
Yeah, it makes it like 10 times better than any other LM because I can ask it about what's going on today.
Yeah, yeah. So Groc 3 is a good example where it came out and it's like some people are like, it's the greatest thing ever.
And so people are like, this is the most dog shit model that's ever been put in the world. And I don't know what's true.
Yeah. It's everything that happens is like that. It's like there are people on extreme ends and they're the loudest and they get the most reach.
And that's the thing that ends up in your feed.
Yeah. And Jay was bringing this up yesterday. He was like, you know, for us as SST, we're in, you know, we have a company and being able to parse what's going on in AI and like navigate that is very critical for like our future as a company.
Like we really need to like have a good understanding and get these as a make good bets to like make it through to the other side. And he was like, I think we need to not consume anything in like the public discourse about it because it's just such ridiculous
insane noise and you like can it's very hard to have a clear head and like a clear vision of what's going to happen when you just have all this crazy stuff being talked about all day.
So yeah, I'm trying to like cut back on that. I'm trying to like only again this whole thing of right only thing that I've talked about before like I want to like try to really focus on making sure I'm not taking in that energy.
Yeah. Yeah. No, I feel that and I'm not doing a good job. I think I'm still bringing in that energy. I don't need it. It's really, really hard.
It's it becomes like you're, yeah, you get stuck on a problem or whatever you just you want to numb for five minutes and like you have your go to place.
Some people that's happiness. I don't understand it, but for some people it is. Some people's read it. Some people's Twitter and you're inevitably getting fed a lot of stuff, I guess, at this stage.
Yeah. And I think, like I said, I think there's a lot of potential for AI to help fix this.
And yeah, it made a funny point the other day where I was talking about how sometimes I'll suddenly feel like, Hey, for the past couple weeks, like going through Twitter has been making me feel really negative.
I won't realize it right away. It'll take a couple weeks. And then I'll realize, Oh, I followed this person a month ago, and they're not explicitly doing anything wrong, but they're like reposting stuff or like somehow injecting stuff into my feed that
technically making me feel that way. And it always takes me a little while to notice. And when I notice I like tracked down the source. Okay, this is this is what's going on. This is why I'm feeling this way. And I'll like, cut the source out.
And then Jay made the point was like, yeah, I bet that happens all the time due to some algorithm change that in this case is something I did I controlled it so I can undo it. Yeah, theoretically, there's some algorithm change that could happen somewhere that now suddenly is like making me feel a certain way.
And that must happen a lot of time. It might be hard to deal with. So I think there's an opportunity to make some kind of product that I still want to take information. I still want to scroll. I still want to like, you know, consume stuff that's going on. Like, I'm not trying to cut all that out.
I'm not some people are. That's not where I'm trying to go. Yeah, but give it to me through like this cold neutral AI that is pretty boring in a lot of ways. Run it through that.
And I can kind of see how that could be reliable. Can you just, can you just ask an LLM like, or ask Rock, like, give me the news? Like, what's going on? You can, yeah. And it does, like, give you the top. Okay.
Yeah. So that's like a great starting point. And I think that's what I'm going to try to like build some habits around. But I can see how there's some kind of opportunity for like a new kind of product that doesn't involve other people at all. It feels like social media feels like something.
But yeah, it's not generated by other people. But okay. Now I have questions. Like, do you imagine this thing, like having comments that are not from human? Yeah. Yeah. Like Reddit, but like AI in the all the actors are AI.
Yeah. And you have to be like, you know, if you want to go that far, you'd have to be pretty clever about how to like make that interesting and engaging like generically.
I think, hey, that does a great job of summarizing. Hey, Microsoft put out this new quantum CPU. Here's the deal. Here's the criticisms. Like, here's why it might be great. Here's why it might not be.
I think it does a fantastic job of this coldly. Yeah, handling that and taking a step further to have like something that seems a bit more human. I think is harder, but I can see how I do that.
It is interesting just to think just something as simple as the Reddit model where like AI agent, sorry, AI models or whatever, little people that are actually AI, they have their own little account could actually upvote stuff and actually comment on stuff.
Like, what would what would that result in? Like, yeah, yeah, like, because the LMM output is very like vanilla down the middle, but if you took like a whole bunch of it and you let them all interact like that with interesting novel stuff actually come out of it.
Yeah, like there's definitely like tropes of people that like there's all the negative ones, but you can create a version of the AI that tends to lean very libertarian or you can make one that then Celine, like, you know, very socialist and whatever and you could like have them
interact engage in something within parameters of like not being too extreme and like actually understanding what the other person saying before responding. Okay, I'm sold. Maybe is the answer. It solves all this information overload and just biases and all these weird things that are going on the world.
Yeah. Yeah. So I think that there's something there and to be a consumer product, which is great. And especially now there's just so much appetite to try anything. Yeah, I related. So someone's interested in building something. I think there's something to explore in this category.
I'd like, I feel like I want, I want this. We'll build it and we'll build it in the terminal now. Great building the terminal. Perfect. So I want to talk now that you've just said that like you're trying not to consume all the public discourse.
And some public discourse. But before we do that. So that'll be dessert. We can eat a little meat. Have you not meat, but whatever. Go into Korean barbecue for lunch today. I'm sure you are. Yeah.
I'd like to actually eat out tonight. I've been trying for like a week to get us to order. We just don't eat out ever. And there's like a restaurant in Nixa that is like, they're an Italian restaurant and they have a whole vegan menu, which is super rare in the Ozarks for there to be a restaurant with a vegan menu.
It's a husband wife and the wife is vegan and they have like a whole vegan menu. It's amazing. Anyway, shout out to Piccolo's. Did you see the Satya Satya? Is that the quantum thing or the thing where you were trying to wind back the hype?
But I'd also like to hear about the quantum thing. That sounds exciting. You go first. I guess did you hear his comments? Yeah. You know where I heard about it? I was trying this rock thing and that's where I heard about it.
Nice. Okay. Well, you probably know more than me. I've just heard like a reaction to I haven't heard him in the actual statement. Just kind of like, I've heard what he generally said. But basically like kind of calming down.
And just, he said things that just like resonated as a person who's also tired of people like Sama. I don't know if he's actually tired of Sama, but what's there something he said about like pulling back on the OpenAI partnership?
Or was that just a reaction stuff? Okay. So I think there's like a lot of weird dynamics here where OpenAI has a weird deal with Microsoft where if they achieve AGI.
They're like not that they kind of release Microsoft's ownership. It's something weird like that. And a lot of his comments were about like how much he hates this term AGI and like.
Yeah. So I kind of wonder if that's related where he's like trying to change the definition, not change. I think his point of view is correct. Like why do we, we had AI and we're like.
But then we like assign that label to something that was pretty primitive. So we're like, okay, now we need AGI. Cause like we already used AI. Oh shit. But now we assign AGI to something too primitive.
Now we need ASI. And that's like the next level. So just like stop stop doing this. Yeah, he's saying like let's call it 10% gross. Like the world is growing economically at 10% rates. Like let's call that that could be AGI. Yeah.
Basically, is that what you think? Yeah. Yeah. And that. And so I actually just posted something before I got on and kind of really I'm just going to read it out loud. Yeah.
So I wrote, I'm not sure if the highly visible AI companies we see online a representative. We see a lot of activity in unheard niches integrating AI to handle very specific business flows.
I thought there's going to be 10,000 of these companies each doing 10 million era. We're obviously biased because we only see like whatever segment of the market we focus on.
But there are a lot of AI companies that are using SST and every single one of them is identical. They're in some weird space.
I hung out with a guy yesterday and he's like in the ERP space focusing on manufacturers in South America. Okay. Like you never hear about this.
And he's building a and like his father has been in the space for 40 years and now they're building technically AI based tooling that is getting into these businesses that.
And now we can kind of solve these problems that you know you couldn't really do before with software like stuff that I got kind of unlocks.
Yeah. But they are just if you look at them, they're just a standard software company. There's nothing that crazy new about them.
90% of their work is AWS setting up glue jobs, getting a lot of data in one place. Yeah. And then like AI unlocks a bunch of things for the reasons they exist.
But there's like 10 years of work for them. Yeah. And there's like 10 years of work ahead of them for them to do to get in all these little places and then continue this product.
And I think I keep bringing up Jay, but he had another good point here too, where he was like, we had this whole software in the world concept.
But it didn't really go that far. And what we're seeing with AI might just be a continuation of software continuing to get into more places where it still hasn't gotten into.
And I think we're very aligned with what's what you're saying, which is that might just be it's a very boring outcome.
But 10% year over your growth is insane. And it might be involved with again 10,000 of these companies getting into all these little places and covering the last set of.
Possible to automate things that we haven't automated yet.
And it seems more and more likely that the quote unquote boring outcome is maybe what's more realistic.
Yeah, I loved you've tweeted something about this. I think the last couple of weeks, just the idea of like building apps.
So like enough of the shovels and we're just so plugged into the whole like dev tools scene, I guess, on Twitter that it does feel like that's the big focus for the people that we're around.
I love the idea of like this technology enables all kinds of new products go build those products like end user products.
Yeah, I mean, that was like, when we started Stat Muse, it was like, Hey, what, like all this NLP tech exists.
And this is like old school, you know, nothing like what you could do today.
But all this like all these tools exist. And there's just no consumer products that are like using an LP.
It was like Wolfram Alpha. And that was it. And it was like, why can't why doesn't this exist for like looking up my favorite sports player stats.
So that's very much always been my thesis of like, use the stuff that's available.
And so often we think we have to build new tools when like there's plenty of tools to build cool applications.
It's way more fun, I think. Yeah, it's way more fun.
When you're in a moment where everyone's trying to build shovels, it's like 10 times more fun because every single week, there's a new show.
It was like, Oh, suddenly your models are now 10 times cheaper. Suddenly there's like a better, you know, it's just, it's so much better to be in the receiving end versus trying to compete in this crazy as noisy place, right?
And I think the final thing is, is I think everyone, if people love, people love this stupid quote, which is when there's a gold rush, build shovels like, yeah, just look in history.
The winners are the people that use the shovels. They're not the people that built the shovel and tell is about to die, right?
Apple built their company on top of Intel. And then they eventually just escaped from Intel because they own the end value of the thing that they built with the end and user, right?
It's always better to be there. And people just keep trying to build these shovels. And what bothers me is, we're so early, we're like, nobody really knows a question of, what are good ways to use AI?
What are good architectures to use AI? What kind of product features does this make sense with? Like, we haven't discovered any of that yet.
And then there's already people writing stuff about, here's how you should build AI stuff. And they don't, that's not their product. Their product is something unrelated.
Like, how can you possibly know, like, go build the end product? Then you'll know what shovels are needed. Five years from now, yeah, we'll look back in hindsight.
Oh, like, this is a common thing. Let's like, you know, make a standalone service for that. But yeah, the ordering of this stuff just makes no sense to me.
Yeah, I love that tweet you had talking about like AWS came after Amazon, like all the different examples of the big shovels coming after the products.
Yeah, you develop expertise first and you can't get expertise without shipping something. Other things that you said, the infrastructure, like, basically, obviously, we're going to build way too much.
We're going to invest way too much. CapEx. And he's excited to lease from all the people that build too much infrastructure.
Yeah, I mean, that's a basic rule of it's impossible to invest the correct amount. You can only over invest. If you want to invest, you lose.
It's unlikely you're going to precisely invest the current correct amount. So the only result is over investing. And then when the froth ends, then there's some interesting stuff.
I was kind of thinking this other day. I was like, you know, everyone likes to say they're contrarian and they make contrarian bets. But I think the craziest contrarian bet you can make is to build a business that needs GPU capabilities.
But it's too expensive currently betting that in five years, all this GPU stuff is going to be on the market for crazy cheap. Like, is there some kind of business that can really take advantage of all that stuff?
You know, having to have to be sold off when some of these, you know, there's only going to be a couple winners, but losers are going to have to liquidate.
Can I make a really dumb comment or observation? Yeah.
Like, we're sure the GPU thing is the right way to do this, right? Like, I don't know. It's just, it's so weird to me, like, that a thing that was made for like rendering video games, then turned out to be really good at like this AI training
and just like the serendipity of that and then like thinking how many bazillions of dollars are going to be put into building these GPUs and these huge data centers full of these GPUs.
And then what if somebody's like, Oh, actually, if we just do this whole thing, it's the way better. And like, it looks nothing like possible.
And it's kind of like, if you look at, okay, so in favor or kind of against what you're saying, a GPU, yes was used for graphics, but if you think about what it is, it's just picking an opposite set of trade offs from a CPU.
The CPU is about having really, really fast performance, but not a lot of parallel work, right? You were trying to get the fastest single thread thing.
If you use like, okay, what if we flip the requirements and said, it's okay if each core is in that fast, we just need to do a lot in parallel.
Parallel. Okay.
It happened to be that graphics was a great entry point into that, but then parallel computing in general is useful everywhere.
I see. This is why I said it was a dumb comic because I knew I don't know anything about any of this.
It just feels like a huge amount of money and time and effort are going to be put into building these huge data centers.
And it just feels like it's hinging on some very, I don't know, assumptions.
Yeah, some solid assumptions around GPUs.
I think the part where you're right is why NVIDIA and why NVIDIA GPUs?
And that's not really related to the hardware. It's more related to the software stack on top vibes.
People like using CUDA.
There's not much of an alternative. Everyone kind of under invested in the CUDA concept and so NVIDIA is winning.
But yeah, like conceptually, I don't see why that gap is enclosed given how much money is on the table.
Yeah, so I know the answer that we're still decades or whatever away from this, but what about quantum?
Because I feel like that's the thing that Microsoft announced yesterday.
Yeah, yeah, there's constantly been headlines that like it feels like we're actually making progress in the last year
on things that people thought were going to be decades away.
So like what happens when quantum comes along and it's way better at AI training and inference and like...
No, it's possible.
Oops.
But maybe that's 20 years from now and it's like you got to do this in the meantime anyway.
I don't know.
Yeah, it probably is.
Yeah, I think it might end up being... I'm trying to think of comparisons where something like this happened,
where there was like investing in something and then something kind of came out that made it useless.
I'm sure it's happened before, but I feel like transitions are always slower than we'd expect.
Yeah.
Well, it was the announcement though. What did Microsoft announced?
They built a chip which has what they're saying is a new form of matter or put with a new form of matter.
Whoa, I'm hooked. I'm in.
You got me.
And they're saying they've achieved things with it that are a little bit further ahead than they expected.
I read a bunch of the criticisms.
It ranges to this is nothing to like, oh, this is good progress, but I don't think it's going to like really lead to the next step in the way that I think it will.
But from Microsoft's point of view, they're like, this is the next big step and it makes our vision of enabling this like possible in the next five years.
That's kind of how they're pitching it.
But Microsoft, man.
That does seem like... Yeah, how are they... It's amazing how relevant Microsoft had remained.
When it's like it seemed like they were irrelevant 20 years ago and then they've just been more and more...
Even 10 years ago.
Yeah.
Turned it all around.
Amazing.
Pretty crazy.
Yeah, I do think like all the headlines I've seen with quantum stuff seems like in like 10 years, we're going to have something.
There's going to be like actual products that are quantum powered.
Yeah.
This is an area I need to like look.
I need to understand better.
I understand some of it because one of my friends took a quantum computing course in college and like tell me all about what he's learning.
I know the word cubit.
That's all I know.
I don't understand any of it.
Yeah.
It just confuses me because I'm like, how is this in the chip?
Like they were showing pictures of it and they were like...
Yeah, I don't know.
Yeah.
Quantum computing is in here and I'm like, but like how though?
How is it in there?
Yeah, it's very confusing.
Lots of fun, exciting like things happening in technology.
When you think about like the fission, fusion, fusion.
Fusion, yeah.
Fusions is, that's the hard one.
Like there's been huge announcements on the fusion side.
And I feel like all these big progress like news headlines with quantum and with fusion and AI.
It's all converging and then AI is just going to help us like get over the hump.
Yeah.
Awesome.
Well, AI did something in the research setting like it helped somebody.
This was a Google paper, right?
When I saw the headline, I was like, whatever, but then it was like, oh, it's from Google.
There was some like thing that helped them develop a something medicine.
Yeah.
I think there's been a bunch of stuff in research.
Yeah, that just lets flashy, but more just, there's a bunch of tedious work.
Again, kind of what I was saying earlier, there's been a bunch of tedious work that was hard
to automate before the now has been automated.
It's funny because they were like, some more from Google, I think trying to like do this
whole hype thing that, you know, Sam Altman's doing, he was like, oh, yeah, with DeepMind,
we've done like 2 billion PhD hours of research already.
There's some, I'm making them or some like ridiculous number like that.
And I was like, oh, that's really crazy.
And I was talking to Liz and because she used to work in research and she used to run like a,
I guess a lab.
And then she was like, this wasn't related to this topic, but she was describing something
about some of the work that they were doing back then.
And you realize what 2 billion hours of PhD research means is they were like doing some
research on like analyzing social media and like correlating with other stuff.
They were mainly going through every single host and like checking off a bunch of things.
Yeah, that's perfectly sitting for AI.
Yeah, exactly.
So it's not like, oh, like a genius.
It's not a genius research.
It's more just, they're just tedious work that exists.
And it definitely super useful.
But when they say like PhD level research, they're trying to imply that it's really smart,
but it's probably just stuff like that.
Interesting.
Okay, if I have to pee, do we need to just go?
I probably need to leave in a couple of minutes.
But what was your dessert?
You said we had dessert?
Well, the dessert.
Yeah, I don't want to leave everybody hanging.
I just feel like the world is crazy right now with all this stuff.
What is the deal?
The US and Russia are like buddies and like Elon and all this stuff is so bizarre.
I don't know what to think about anything anymore.
That's actually what triggered myself reflection yesterday because I was being something from
Elon being like, oh, all the community notes about on me about the stuff I said about Ukraine
are wrong.
And so we're going to fix the community notes thing.
I got it.
What is going on?
Like, why we are trying to help Russia effectively, we're like taking the Russian angle on this
situation, weird on its own.
Weird.
Yeah.
Why is it affecting my social media experience?
Exactly.
Why is the social media changing?
Because of this.
It's so bizarre.
I'm like, I think I'm very, I can deal with a lot, I think, but I really think the world
is guy and too weird for even me.
It's too weird.
It feels like it really feels like there's this dynamic now where if your enemy politically
in the US believes something, you have to believe the opposite and you have to like go
very hard that direction.
Like there is no letting some things just be like, I don't know, like that side cares
about it, but I don't care.
You have to care.
You have to care hard.
Yeah.
And that feels like this whole Russia thing is like, oh, they like Zelensky, well, we
love Russia.
We love things.
They're the best.
What in the world?
Oh, wait.
Because some of the exhausts the aisle.
I think the exhausts the aisle.
We did that thing yesterday.
Yes.
I'm going crazy.
Okay.
I'm realizing that this all triggered it.
I saw your post for that.
I'm like, what's Adam talking about?
And then I looked at the Explorer tab and then I was like, oh, this is probably what he's
talking about.
And then I had this whole like, yeah, no, I've been on the four U tab because my following
tab's terrible because like I follow people randomly, but the four U tab is something right
now.
It's something.
It's just the bizarro timeline.
I didn't know we were headed towards, I guess.
It's so weird to end in like the president of Argentina did a crypto rug pull like last
week.
What is going on?
Yeah.
And then it's like, then Elon is like, we're going to give every citizen $5,000.
I'm like, what the?
What?
It's just the whole thing is a little too much for me.
The whole Elon and Trump partnership is just, it's just not hidden in good places.
And I don't really have strong opinions about those people.
It just feels like too much for the world.
It's just, it's too much.
I think the way the one little bright spot I'm seeing is that I had a lot of people that
I like generally looked up to and was like, Oh, these are people that, you know, I like
the way they view things and, you know, I can learn from them.
Then I witnessed how whatever this thing is, it's happening where like there's like this
crazy political effectively, like virus that exists out there.
I see it.
I see these people I admire coming in contact with it and then just not being able to get
past it.
Like I remember, like I remember during this happened in like the other way.
So in during COVID, I remember there were people that, like COVID just broke them.
Like they just, they were just like, so scared of doing anything that was like going to like
get them sick.
And like they just couldn't escape it.
And they like never really recovered even after COVID.
I mean, I've seen many such cases.
Oh, sorry.
Yeah.
Many such cases.
And I see the same thing with politics where I'm like, this is like the most potent drug
ever created and it is like messing people up where they just cannot look at anything outside
of this lens and they obsess over every, every thing.
And I see so many people that I'm like, they're clearly smart.
They're clearly capable.
They've achieved things that I haven't achieved in my life.
Like they're like, they've done more than I have, but they couldn't beat this thing.
And there are people that have, like there are people that kind of like, you know, I admire
them and they like escaped it, but it just like narrowed the field of people that I'm like,
I can look up to them.
And I think that's kind of like a good thing is that kind of cleared out a bunch of noise.
Good.
But also like my, the, the thing that I would always fall back on when it felt like social
media just wears me out and I want to get off of it for a while, the thing I'd fall back
on is like, most people don't feel this way.
Most people are normal.
But I don't know.
Is it increasingly like, is it, is it a dwindling number of people that are normal?
Is this potent drug infecting more of the general population?
Is it becoming like, is this where we're headed?
Because I feel like I've not taken the pill or whatever.
I'm not, I don't feel politically charged, but is it just inevitable?
Are we all going to end up?
Am I going to be on here ranting about how great some terrible person is?
Some leader.
I mean, I look at Elon and I'm just like, I think about what his potential is.
And he just got hit with this thing.
And now he's just wasting his time in a bureaucracy, doing all this like really stupid stuff and
like, completely detached from reality at this point, where like, yeah, I'm sure he's
still working on everything, but whatever mission there was to get to Mars, it's going
to happen a little bit slower now, right, because he's like, derailed by this.
I'm like, this is, you know, first aside that has an Elon, we don't need him here.
We need him working on Mars, he's actually extremely bad here, and he's extremely good
at the other thing.
And yeah, it's just crazy, like, it's just, no matter how smart the person is, like, you
just never know who's going to be like, especially infected by it.
Yeah, I wish, I wish there was like a public chart, like where you could just see the number
of normal people and the number of people who have lost their loss to the user.
Yeah.
So I can know like how dire it is.
Anyway, I'll let you go lunch.
Enjoy your siesta or whatever.
All right.
You're Korean barbecue.
Yes.
All right.
See ya.
Yeah.